hi Kelly Peron head of product for Effective I'm here today to tell you about all the new enhancements that we've been working on the ad audience intelligence for local 2. Oh
we're so excited for these improvements we know they'll be better for you for your clients and we can't wait to tell you more about it let's chicken
why would we change the order methodology It's really because we listen to our ABCs
they told us that they wanted to see better results in terms of viewership reach and frequency
the occurrence of a single spot for Network per week
they wanted to save it at a time by automatically assigning budgets and zones according to the volume of households in those own
when they were ordering a crock more than one zone
they wanted more schedule variability between audience segments
there are some things that aren't changing
the system is still going to choose from the network and a perk combinations
that have a high index for the audience segments
knows that we are watching
this is the will only Tuesdays networks and a parks that have 10% of Nielsen household impressions
for the demo that you selected in those sounds
that way we're choosing Fusion
original demo that's been selected
and if it's only the network and a part combinations that have inventory available
but at your data driven and inform schedule will clear
in the commercials will Air
but we have included in the new methodology
the percentage of budget is allocated to his own according to the volume of households
in those owned by the phone
I mean to be spending more and more than less than smaller ones
and you no longer have to do the math by yourself
what classified the inventory the matches the audience segment into two groups based on our set-top box Tina
more on that in a minute
I'm finally the lift to order is high quality
reaching the audience that matters
unique and will rarely have a single spot per Network purses code per week
let's talk through the changes into town
go for a multi-zone campaign
by default
the campaign budget will be allocated to each their own proportionally based on their share of the household
using this multi-zone campaign in the San Francisco dma is an example
of the total budget
corresponding to a
share of total household
or 42%
in that zone
similarly the remaining budget is assigned to the rest of the zones based on their share of home
the next change that we've made
in the methodology is how
we create the order
and step one
we still to be available inventory to the network and a part combinations persis code
and meet the set-top box injecting criteria
of 90 or a hundred in a bus
step 2
we remove any networks or day parks that have a projected impression value of zero
or dental Impressions that are less than 10% of the house
step 3 we've introduced
something new
here we're organizing the network and a part combinations that
that match the filters that have been applied in the two groups
the first group will be 50% of the inventory
with the highest Eggman penetration
those are the parts that have the highest pair of audience households
out of the entire list of networks and a party
that were both above 90 and 100
and had Milton Impressions that met that criteria
the second group will be 50% of the inventory and will be those networks and a parts that remain
ranked by their
highest to lowest efficiency index
example is there a step 1 into
the 10 that have the highest share of audience household
or contraction
will be assigned
and the remaining time will be assigned a group to
ranks by their highest to lowest index score
step 3 was all about how we stagnant the inventory
in this new methodology
within it
we do that budget allocation broadcast week level
stolen stuff for we take 70% of the clients
budget and split it equally between group one and two within each this
code and broadcast week
the tool will select from both groups
provide a balance of reach to the audience and frequency
based on our analysis
in step 5
will take the remaining 30% of that place budget and split it equally between Group 1 and 2 within it's just going to broadcast week
in order to randomly selects box with his chores
and no two orders will be exactly alike
finally we know that our clients to have a wide range of budgets in the system does not treat all budgets the same
the table in this fight outlines house spots are selected between both Group 1 and group 2
based on different budget ranges
sister always going to be more spot selected from group to for a given campaign
because of the greater cost efficiency
let's take a look at some results of the orders that we analyzed
built using this new methodology
as you can see
our spot count has increased dramatically
delivering more impressions
the distinct volume of networks is similar
although we have changed how we feel like them
those differences will only show up when you really inspect at the Disco Dan broadcast beat level
are in the feet are similar
but just shows you that our intelligence for local
already had a quite efficient algorithm it for reaching not strategic audience
the order itself has far fewer line
RC Tim is lower on average
which makes sense if the spots increased and the budgets were comparable
but the number of spots per Network more than doubled
as you can see there's a large difference between what we did before
and what we do now
let's look briefly at two specific Market examples to highlight hair
in this example in Atlanta
for a $2,000 order spanning five weeks across to Cisco's
you'll see that there are distinct networks at the V code and broadcast week level
on average in the new methodology
however what that does
is increases the focus of the campaign because we have more spots on those
networks per week than we would have before
in some situations
we have seen at the schedule generated using the new methodology might have more distinct that works over all of the campaign level
but in general this gives you a sense of the differences in the number of lines and the schedule
and the average number of spots per Network that we see between the two versions of audience intelligence for local
Elizabeth 1 Philadelphia
still see that the size of your order was reduced drastically
the volume of the Spas
her distinct Network increase
thank you for your time getting a better understanding of the methodology
an audit intelligence for local to. Go
we're so excited to bring it to you and I just like to say thank you to everyone who was involved in making this possible
from the eighties in the field to the elephant's in the sales leaders that we spoke with
your partners and d i and I
and II the engineer's who without
you we wouldn't have made it possible
I really appreciate all of the efforts that God is here
you can't wait for you to see the results of this Improvement
and share it with your client
NOTE lang en